Allow to set available locales (#617)
fnando/i18n-js: README.md

To find more examples on how to use the configuration file please refer to the
tests.

#### Available locales

> Setting the `js_available_locales` option allows to generate translations not only
> for `I18n.available_locales` locales (which we use by default). Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By specifying option `js_available_locales` with a list of locales, this list would be used instead of default `I18n.available_locales` to generate translations.  
Example:
```
